yes it's kinda stupid now I've ever met such a great EU
stand
and it rains
but that's just the weather you can not choose one time you lose
mean the others
but today I've considered today we win
but then please BEV
the rain out
Thank you very much
And just as fast as the weather changes, that too changes
must look like from 9 3 kg in July namely closed
the three-ply soft top with beautiful white in the sky disappears scarce
20 seconds over the trunk in the rear
and then that means just getting in
and in the open air
Blow the wind around your nose and be right there
Let's just try it out now
with the new tool from 9 3
Capelli
The exterior design has changed especially in the front, new bumpers
new grille new lamp
new label headlights facing the whole weekend ran for
more uniform occurrence of all saab models because now pulls the new
3er also a bit more after his big brother the Saab 9 5 out
The engines we drive just 8 liters with the best three meters
a v6 with turbocharged and demanded and 50 hp
brand new is now a single man 9 liters TTC Green Day to Go this value
or
but instead of as previously one has the turbo lag a bit
turn off what you normally do with the diesel at low speeds
still feels
and what better not to do at least not if you open the roof
Kind of and the windows down to expel the mosquitoes from the windshield
in the middle to 10 the tracks with epidemics because unfortunately everything is in the interior
Stocks huge mess
but Iran had to be revised in three last year there was
including new scandal
for the air conditioning a new navigation system with touch screen
new instruments and waffles with tachometer and per meter and that
Display was also in the creek goes down what previously above
was on the dashboard
which is very nice here in the interior is too
the bright in the sky the fabric top
Do not give the impression that you yourself in a closed card
Reader but rather
conveys that you are sitting in a coupe
so i would say the lab is showing rejected
There is quite a car suitable for everyday use you can drive it in the rain
not only in sunshine
downstairs the best thing I have not mentioned is the trunk
that is incredibly huge for Caprio ratios
and since you just do not want to do it makes it so impossible and one
makes the power